Add a doc page  about wifi (#629)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/sysconfig-enabling-wifi.adoc

.Wi-Fi firmware packages in Fedora
[source, text]
----
atheros-firmware - Firmware for Qualcomm Atheros WiFi/Bluetooth adapters
b43-fwcutter - Firmware extraction tool for Broadcom wireless driver
b43-openfwwf - Open firmware for some Broadcom 43xx series WLAN chips
brcmfmac-firmware - Firmware for Broadcom/Cypress brcmfmac WiFi/Bluetooth adapters
iwlegacy-firmware - Firmware for Intel(R) Wireless WiFi Link 3945(A)BG and 4965AGN adapters
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware - DVM Firmware for Intel(R) Wireless WiFi adapters
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware - MVM Firmware for Intel(R) Wireless WiFi adapters
libertas-firmware - Firmware for Marvell Libertas SD/USB WiFi Network Adapters
mt7xxx-firmware - Firmware for Mediatek 7600/7900 series WiFi/Bluetooth adapters
nxpwireless-firmware - Firmware for NXP WiFi/Bluetooth/UWB adapters
realtek-firmware - Firmware for Realtek WiFi/Bluetooth adapters
tiwilink-firmware - Firmware for Texas Instruments WiFi/Bluetooth adapters
atmel-firmware - Firmware for Atmel at76c50x wireless network chips
zd1211-firmware - Firmware for wireless devices based on zd1211 chipset
----

> For example, if a system has a Qualcomm wireless card then adding the `NetworkManager-wifi` and `atheros-firmware` packages would sufficiently enable the system for connecting to Wi-Fi.

Reviewer: We could mention e.g. `lspci` here as a way to check which manufacturer/model the Wi-Fi adapter is.

Reviewer 2: I would feel more comfortable with that suggestion if we shipped it in FCOS. I guess I can mention toolbx

Reviewer: Ahhh yes, indeed. I had assumed it was in util-linux.

systemd:
  units:
    # Enable Wi-Fi in NetworkManager for an Intel wireless card
    - name: rpm-ostree-install-wifi.service
      enabled: true
      contents: |
        [Unit]
        Description=Enable Wi-Fi
        Wants=network-online.target
        After=network-online.target
        Before=zincati.service
        ConditionPathExists=!/var/lib/%N.stamp
        [Service]
        Type=oneshot
        RemainAfterExit=yes
        ExecStart=/usr/bin/rpm-ostree install --apply-live --allow-inactive NetworkManager-wifi iwlwifi-dvm-firmware
        ExecStart=/bin/touch /var/lib/%N.stamp
        [Install]
        WantedBy=multi-user.target
storage:
  files:
    - path: /etc/NetworkManager/system-connections/wifi-guest.nmconnection
      mode: 0600
      contents:
        inline: |
          [connection]
          id=wifi-guest
          type=wifi
          autoconnect=true
          [wifi]
          cloned-mac-address=permanent
          mode=infrastructure
          ssid=guest
          mac-address=ab:cd:01:02:03:04
          [wifi-security]
          auth-alg=open
          key-mgmt=wpa-psk
          psk=PASSWORD
          [ipv4]
          method=auto
----

> NOTE: When installing a system and adding WiFi enablement in this way the system will need to be on a wired network for the initial install since it will need to use the network to retrieve the WiFi enabling packages.

Reviewer: For consistency

```suggestion
NOTE: When installing a system and adding Wi-Fi enablement in this way the system will need to be on a wired network for the initial install since it will need to use the network to retrieve the Wi-Fi enabling packages.
```

== On an existing Fedora CoreOS system

If you have a system up already and want to add Wi-Fi capabilities (i.e. if you want to move it to a location without wired access) you can request the required packages.

.Request NetworkManager-wifi and a specific Wi-Fi firmware
[source, text]
----
$ sudo rpm-ostree install -y --allow-inactive \
    NetworkManager-wifi iwlwifi-dvm-firmware
----

> If you don't know what firmware to request you can request all the wireless firmware available in Fedora. Please note this approach is sub-optimal as it will add many uneeded packages on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't know what firmware to request you can request all the wireless firmware available in Fedora. Please note this approach is sub-optimal as it will add many unneeded packages on your system.
```
